UPDATE Readme files (#9)
sysdiglabs/terraform-aws-monitor-for-cloud: README.md

	]
}
```

### Administrator Permissions for Sysdig Monitor
A Sysdig Monitor API Token that has Administrator privileges is necessary for configuring an integration between AWS Cloudwatch and Sysdig Monitor.

### Getting your `sysdig_aws_account_id` and `sysdig_external_id`
In order to establish the cross-account IAM role that Sysdig Monitor uses to connect with your AWS Metric Stream, it is necessary to fetch the `sysdig_external_id` and `sysdig_aws_account_id` associated with your Sysdig instance. This is the Sysdig AWS account ID **NOT** your AWS account ID. An API has been developed to make this process easier. You will need to use the correct API endpoint depending on your [sysdig_monitor_url](https://docs.sysdig.com/en/docs/administration/saas-regions-and-ip-ranges). For example, the following example uses the **US East** endpoint.

```bash
curl --location 'https://app.sysdigcloud.com/api/v2/providers/info/awsCloudInformation' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $SYSDIG_MONITOR_API_TOKEN"
{"apiToken":"11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
"externalId":"11111111-2222-3333-4444-555555555555",
"awsSystemAccountId":"123456789123"}
```

> The `sysdig_monitor_url`, `sysdig_aws_account_id`, and `sysdig_external_id` are all needed to configure the AWS Cloudwatch integration with Sysdig Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sysdig_aws_account_id`, and `sysdig_external_id` are all needed to configure the AWS Cloudwatch integration with Sysdig Monitor when using role delegation(`create_new_role = true`).
```
